README.md, before:

# Python Back-end Examples

## Flask
- [Flask - Minimal](https://github.com/taptorestart/python-backend-examples/tree/main/flask/flask_minimal)
- [Flask - ORM](https://github.com/taptorestart/python-backend-examples/tree/main/flask/flask_orm)
- [Flask - File Upload](https://github.com/taptorestart/python-backend-examples/tree/main/flask/flask_file_upload)
- [Flask - Ajax](https://github.com/taptorestart/python-backend-examples/tree/main/flask/flask_ajax)


## FastAPI

### [Tutorial](https://fastapi.tiangolo.com/tutorial/) Example
- [FastAPI - Minimal](https://github.com/taptorestart/python-backend-examples/tree/main/fastapi/fastapi_minimal)
- [FastAPI - Path Parameters](https://github.com/taptorestart/python-backend-examples/tree/main/fastapi/fastapi_path_parameters)
- [FastAPI - Query Parameters](https://github.com/taptorestart/python-backend-examples/tree/main/fastapi/fastapi_query_parameters)
- [FastAPI - Request Body](https://github.com/taptorestart/python-backend-examples/tree/main/fastapi/fastapi_request_body)
- [FastAPI - Response Model](https://github.com/taptorestart/python-backend-examples/tree/main/fastapi/fastapi_response_model)
- [FastAPI - Form Data](https://github.com/taptorestart/python-backend-examples/tree/main/fastapi/fastapi_form_data)
- [FastAPI - Request Files](https://github.com/taptorestart/python-backend-examples/tree/main/fastapi/fastapi_request_files)
- [FastAPI - ORM with SQLite](https://github.com/taptorestart/python-backend-examples/tree/main/fastapi/fastapi_orm_sqlite)
- [FastAPI - Dependencies First Steps](https://github.com/taptorestart/python-backend-examples/tree/main/fastapi/fastapi_dependencies_first_steps)
- [FastAPI - Simple OAuth2 with Password and Bearer](https://github.com/taptorestart/python-backend-examples/tree/main/fastapi/fastapi_oauth2)
- [FastAPI - OAuth2 with Password (and hashing), Bearer with JWT tokens](https://github.com/taptorestart/python-backend-examples/tree/main/fastapi/fastapi_oauth2_jwt)
- [FastAPI - Testing](https://github.com/taptorestart/python-backend-examples/tree/main/fastapi/fastapi_testing)

### Additional Example
- [FastAPI - ORM with MySQL](https://github.com/taptorestart/python-backend-examples/tree/main/fastapi/fastapi_orm_mysql)
- [FastAPI - API Router](https://github.com/taptorestart/python-backend-examples/tree/main/fastapi/fastapi_api_router)


## Django
- [Django - Celery Worker](https://github.com/taptorestart/python-backend-examples/tree/main/django/django_celery_worker)
- [Django - Pytest with bakery](https://github.com/taptorestart/python-backend-examples/tree/main/django/django_pytest_with_bakery)


## Docker
- [Docker - Cron](https://github.com/taptorestart/python-backend-examples/tree/main/docker/docker_cron)

Email: taptorestart@gmail.com

Commit message:

ENH: Add a FastAPI - Email Login with Password(and hashing), Bearer with JWT Token, ORM with MySQL project example

README.md, after:

# Python Back-end Examples

## Flask
- [Flask - Minimal](https://github.com/taptorestart/python-backend-examples/tree/main/flask/flask_minimal)
- [Flask - ORM](https://github.com/taptorestart/python-backend-examples/tree/main/flask/flask_orm)
- [Flask - File Upload](https://github.com/taptorestart/python-backend-examples/tree/main/flask/flask_file_upload)
- [Flask - Ajax](https://github.com/taptorestart/python-backend-examples/tree/main/flask/flask_ajax)


## FastAPI

### [Tutorial](https://fastapi.tiangolo.com/tutorial/) Example
- [FastAPI - Minimal](https://github.com/taptorestart/python-backend-examples/tree/main/fastapi/fastapi_minimal)
- [FastAPI - Path Parameters](https://github.com/taptorestart/python-backend-examples/tree/main/fastapi/fastapi_path_parameters)
- [FastAPI - Query Parameters](https://github.com/taptorestart/python-backend-examples/tree/main/fastapi/fastapi_query_parameters)
- [FastAPI - Request Body](https://github.com/taptorestart/python-backend-examples/tree/main/fastapi/fastapi_request_body)
- [FastAPI - Response Model](https://github.com/taptorestart/python-backend-examples/tree/main/fastapi/fastapi_response_model)
- [FastAPI - Form Data](https://github.com/taptorestart/python-backend-examples/tree/main/fastapi/fastapi_form_data)
- [FastAPI - Request Files](https://github.com/taptorestart/python-backend-examples/tree/main/fastapi/fastapi_request_files)
- [FastAPI - ORM with SQLite](https://github.com/taptorestart/python-backend-examples/tree/main/fastapi/fastapi_orm_sqlite)
- [FastAPI - Dependencies First Steps](https://github.com/taptorestart/python-backend-examples/tree/main/fastapi/fastapi_dependencies_first_steps)
- [FastAPI - Simple OAuth2 with Password and Bearer](https://github.com/taptorestart/python-backend-examples/tree/main/fastapi/fastapi_oauth2)
- [FastAPI - OAuth2 with Password (and hashing), Bearer with JWT tokens](https://github.com/taptorestart/python-backend-examples/tree/main/fastapi/fastapi_oauth2_jwt)
- [FastAPI - Testing](https://github.com/taptorestart/python-backend-examples/tree/main/fastapi/fastapi_testing)

### Additional Example
- [FastAPI - ORM with MySQL](https://github.com/taptorestart/python-backend-examples/tree/main/fastapi/fastapi_orm_mysql)
- [FastAPI - API Router](https://github.com/taptorestart/python-backend-examples/tree/main/fastapi/fastapi_api_router)

### Base Project Example
- [FastAPI - Email Login with Password(and hashing), Bearer with JWT Token, ORM with MySQL](https://github.com/taptorestart/python-backend-examples/tree/main/fastapi/fastapi_oauth2_email_jwt_mysql)


## Django
- [Django - Celery Worker](https://github.com/taptorestart/python-backend-examples/tree/main/django/django_celery_worker)
- [Django - Pytest with bakery](https://github.com/taptorestart/python-backend-examples/tree/main/django/django_pytest_with_bakery)


## Docker
- [Docker - Cron](https://github.com/taptorestart/python-backend-examples/tree/main/docker/docker_cron)

Email: taptorestart@gmail.com
